All of this has been vibe-coded with the free version of Claude for Stable Diffusion ReForge with python 3.10 to work on my machine. I barely know how to do 'pip install'. I can't help troubleshoot anything if you have issues. If you're having trouble, your best bet is to paste the code into into a new chat with your own free account with Claude and get it to fix it to work on your machine (it will probably help to tell it what version of python you have and which flavor of Stable Diffusion you're using while doing so). Again, I have absolutely no idea what I'm doing. 

LoRAs come in all shapes, sizes, levels of quality, and degrees of compatibility with your base model and prompting style. Example images might be generated using settings that don't work for you, and it can be tedious to try out dozens of LoRAs one at a time. This extension helps automate this process to help you evaluate several LoRAs easily.

This extension adds a new "Auto-Test LoRAs" tab to Stable Diffusion. On the left side of this tab, there's a list of subfolders within your models/loras folder, as well as a window with thumbnails of all your installed LoRAs. You can either select a folder, or click on thumbnails individually (using the +Add to selection button to select multiple).

On the right, if a single LoRA is selected, its activation text will be listed. Below that, there are the "Truncate at ||" and "Ignore Act. Text" toggle buttons. the Truncate at || will cut the activation text off at the first use of "||" in the activation text, so if you were testing the LoRA backgrounds_multipack.safetensors with the activation text of "d3s3rt || f0r3st || pl41ns || 0c34n", the LoRA will be tested as if the activation text was only "d3s3rt" if this toggle is on. the Ignore Act. Text only tests the LoRA itself within the template you use with no activation text.

Below that are the prompt Templates. In your wildcards folder, you'll need a folder named "autoloratest" where you'll put your testing templates. These templates need to be named after sub-folders in your models/lora folder in order to show up. When a folder, or a LoRA within a folder is selected, the extension will populate this part of the tab with templates that start with the same name that folder. This is to help evaluate different types of LoRAs differently. For example, you might have the sub-folders characters, poses, and backgrounds in your lora folder, so and your templates might be named characters_waving_forest.txt, poses_marnie_forest.txt, and backgrounds_marnie_waving.txt, where everything after the underscore doesn't matter.

The templates should be full prompts, but with the category of LoRA being tested replaced with "*lora*". For example, characters_waving_forest.txt might look like "masterpiece, best quality, *lora* waving hello to the viewer while standing in a forest, happy, smiling, eye contact, trees, grass" you can select multiple templates to test for each LoRA, so long as they are all of the same category. for example, you might choose both characters_waving_forest and chracters_running_sportsfield at the same time.

Below that there's a slider for the strength you want your LoRAs to be tested at, as well as all the basic settings for image generation found in the main tab.

Next is a queue function in case you want to add tests of a different category after the current set is done, followed by the run, run queue, and stop after current buttons, all self explanatory.

When run, the extension will test all selected LoRAs lexicographically (alphabetically, starting with capital letters, then lowercase). It will generate an image for each template selected both in your normal image output location in a folder named "Auto-Test LoRAs Outputs" with the same subfolder structure as your LoRAs folder, as well as next to the LoRA file itself. Then, after the last image for a given LoRA is generated, the extension will move the LoRA and its associated files (.info, .json, preview.png) and the newly generated images to a new sub-folder called "tested". the tested folder will also contain 4 empty sub-sub-folders named "good", "retest - prompt tweak", "retest - too strong", "retest - too weak". These are created to help you manually sort though the LoRAs as you evaluate the generated images. There's no "bad" folder as you can simply delete any that don't seem salvageable.

If the folder selected is one of these retest folders, or the individual LoRA being tested is from one of these folders, the settings will automatically change accordingly:
retest - prompt tweak: Truncation at || is turned off
retest - too strong: LoRA strength is set to 0.8
retest - too weak: LoRA strength is set to 1.2
